The most unbelievable part to me was how many unawares and entitled folks I encountered who acted like these well paying jobs were just normal to get after college. Just the absolute dissonance irked me more than anything else simply because there are a lot of people in this realm that truly do believe in that whole "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" mentality but are also quick to pretend like their middle class living circumstances were somehow equivalent to people near the poverty line. It's difficult to reconcile these aspects when you're dealing with poverty and loneliness. To me I've internally become hardened and extremely embittered by it but since learned not to show it. It's very difficult for me to get along with these people because there are so many times I talk to them that it's like interacting with cardboard cutouts of "what a good American citizen should be!" They are bland, have borderline no skills besides their existence or job, extremely bonded to their culture to the point that anything non-plussed said is an affront, typically out of touch (empathetically or apathetically), and have an heir of superiority. Whether thats a pretentious "better than you" vibe or a "white savior" complex, it all blurs together when you think about it. While this may be a jab more at American culture from a poverty perspective, it's aggravating in more ways than one to look at how people with more money and opportunities squander them to no ends because they just think that's normal. 

I just never fit in well with these people because that "keeping up with the jones" mentality never existed with me. I wasn't on these people's level early on, and when I grew up through teenaged and adulthood years, my cultural perspective drastically differed to the point that connecting with people like is borderline impossible. I can chat, impress them with what I know, or showoff what I do but in the end they just want their inane bland ideal perception of what life should be instead of dealing with the reality of what life is. I'm not sure if anyone else is in the same boat but I do try to maintain connections with some if I can. Oftentimes I find it hard because they tend not to venture out beyond what they know, are very milquetoast or closed off to outsiders, and they extremely dislike change. I have such a hard time reconciling this issue because the only way to get into their "realm" of finances is by doing something they can't do by nepotism alone (programming, doctor, lawyer, CPA, skilled fields) or because they simply think it's low brow/low class (blue collar work, trades, dirty jobs). But then if you work on yourself to a certain degree, you almost eclipse them in life accomplishments, skills, experience, and a better street smart head on your shoulders. 

